[Runtime Env] Make every ${ENV_VAR} replaceable (#36187)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/handling-dependencies.rst

  no need to include ``os.environ`` or similar in the ``env_vars`` field.
  By default, these environment variables override the same name environment variables on the cluster.
  You can also reference existing environment variables using ${ENV_VAR} to achieve the appending behavior.

>   If the environment variable doesn't exist, it will become an empty string `""`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the environment variable doesn't exist, it becomes an empty string `""`.
```

  - Example: ``{"OMP_NUM_THREADS": "32", "TF_WARNINGS": "none"}``

  - Example: ``{"LD_LIBRARY_PATH": "${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}:/home/admin/my_lib"}``

>   - Non-existing variables Example: ``{"ENV_VAR_NOT_EXIST": "${ENV_VAR_NOT_EXIST}:/home/admin/my_lib"}`` -> ``ENV_VAR_NOT_EXIST=":/home/admin/my_lib"``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Non-existant variable example: ``{"ENV_VAR_NOT_EXIST": "${ENV_VAR_NOT_EXIST}:/home/admin/my_lib"}`` -> ``ENV_VAR_NOT_EXIST=":/home/admin/my_lib"``.
```
